fix(lua): update lua ID and changelog (#609)
ar-io/arns-react: assets/ant-changelog.md

## [Unreleased]

## [9] - [ezS3Z57rq_0skoG0WYmIqJ33mJiu0HbYNn9vEu12Mc4] - (2024-12-4)

### Changed

- Added Ethereum address support.

> - Added Allow-Unsafe-Addresses flag to allow skipping of address validation for future compatibility with different signature algorithms on the below API's.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added Allow-Unsafe-Addresses flag to allow skipping of address validation for future compatibility with different signature algorithms for the following API methods:
```

Author: This is not the place to change this, if we want to update it we should do it on the ant repo i think
